So we covered some of the basic primitive
types that we might see in an application.
But we not only deal with
properties that are strings or
Booleans whatever in TypeScript,
we might also see that a lot,
one thing that we might pass
in are like more sophisticated
react components are other
components right?
So one of the easiest
examples is children right?
Well children's out a string or
bullying or anything along those lines so
like what do we pass in if we wanna
have a prop, that's children.
And so we're gonna have our first
little exercise here, where we've
got a box component and we've got a whole
bunch of different use cases around it.
I'll actually switch over here,
we've got a box, and
really all it does is render children.
Right now that is defined as any
because we haven't figured out yet
how exactly we want, we don't know
what what property is here, right?
And one of the things that we saw
when we hovered over name tag,
you're like, well,
name tag returns JSX element, right?
So maybe that's what it is, there's a
bunch of options that seem plausible if we
poke around react, there is JSX.element,
there's an array of elements,
there's one given one, or
this is the symbol for or a array of them.
We've got react node react children,
react child,
a array of react child,
which is different than react, children.
There's a bunch of different things this
is where it starts to get a little bit
tricky because it's not necessarily
always like particularly well defined.
So what I want for you to do kinda
our first exercise together,
spend a few minutes and go through and
figure out try all of these
out is currently typed as any.
What we wanna do is we want to figure
out which one of these will prevent
us from getting wet red squiggles
in our actual component here.
So try them all out we'll see and
then we'll kinda figure out which one
the winner is and, we'll talk about it.